Ticket 35680 (#18560)
django/django: docs/releases/6.0.txt

Management Commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Added default automatic imports to the :djadmin:`shell`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Common utilities, such as ``django.conf.settings``, are now automatically
  imported to the :djadmin:`shell` by default.
```
(something something)
